Edits to JS Getting Started (#2160)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/install-cdn.mdx

---
title: Installing with CDN
caseStyle: camelCase
supportLevel: production
categories:
  - browser
---

> On this page, we provide instructions to install Sentry's JavaScript SDK using content delivery network (CDN), automatically reporting errors and exceptions in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page, we provide instructions to install Sentry's JavaScript SDK using a content delivery network (CDN), so that it will automatically report errors and exceptions in your application.
```

  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>
```
<Alert>
<markdown>

Using `defer`

If you include `defer` in your script your app, to make sure it can monitor everything that follows it. We strongly recommend that if you use `defer`, you both place the script tag for the browser SDK first and also mark it -- and all of your other scripts -- `defer` (but not `async`), guaranteeing that it’s executed before any of the others.

</markdown>
</Alert>

### Configure and Verify

`init` Sentry as soon as possible in your app, to make sure it can monitor everything that follows it. Once this is done, all unhandled exceptions are automatically captured by Sentry.

The snippet below includes an intentional error, so you can test that everything is working as soon as you set it up. To view and resolve the recorded error, log into [sentry.io](https://sentry.io) and open your project. Clicking on the error's title will open a page where you can see detailed information and mark it as resolved.

```javascript {tabTitle: CDN}
Sentry.init({ dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___" });

myUndefinedFunction(); // To test your setup

> ```

Reviewer: Does this need to be here? It's identical to the version on the main page.

Author: Not if it's totally a dupe. I moved it because we had a CDN tab for it - but, to my somewhat untrained eye - this looks the same as what's on the main page.

Author: I'll remove.

To get started with performance monitoring using Sentry’s JavaScript SDK, install both the `@sentry/browser` and `@sentry/tracing` packages, or link directly to our combined minified bundle via CDN:

<Alert level="note" title="Note"><markdown>

We switched our package name from `@sentry/apm` to `@sentry/tracing`. If you were previously using `@sentry/apm`, please see [Switching to @sentry/tracing](/product/performance/apm-to-tracing/).

</markdown></Alert>

```html {tabTitle: CDN}
<script
  src="https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/{{ packages.version('sentry.javascript.browser') }}/bundle.tracing.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-{{ packages.checksum('sentry.javascript.browser', 'bundle.tracing.min.js', 'sha384-base64') }}"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>
```

Next, initialize the integration in your call to `Sentry.init`:

```javascript {tabTitle: CDN}
Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  release: "my-project-name@" + process.env.npm_package_version,
  integrations: [new Sentry.Integrations.BrowserTracing()],
  tracesSampleRate: 1.0, // Be sure to lower this in production
});
```

> Performance data is transmitted using a new event type called “transactions”, which you can learn about in [Distributed Tracing](/product/performance/distributed-tracing). To capture transactions, you must install the performance package and configure your SDK to set the `tracesSampleRate` configuration to a nonzero value. The example configuration above will transmit 100% of captured transactions; lower this value in production to avoid consuming your quota too quickly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performance data is transmitted using a new event type called “transactions,” which you can learn about in [Distributed Tracing](/product/performance/distributed-tracing). To capture transactions, you must install the performance package and configure your SDK to set the `tracesSampleRate` option to a nonzero value. The example configuration above will transmit 100% of captured transactions; lower this value in production to avoid consuming your quota too quickly.
```
